# Data-201

The notebooks above were created for the Data-201 course at Montgomery College. The first notebook, entitled "CreditDefault.ipynb", explores a dataset on individuals from Bangalore, India that recieved credit for credit card purchases and whether or not those individuals made late payments. The second two notebooks are based on an image classification dataset challenge hosted by Intel. The dataset is composed of a training, testing(validation), and prediction dataset. The dataset contained 6 different categories of images, namely, Mountains, Streets, Buildings, Glaciers, Forests, and Seas. The first notebook, entitled "IntelClass2.ipynb", uses hyperparameter-tuning on a random subset of the training data to determine the optimal hyperparameters and model architecture for the convolutional neural network model (e.g. batch size, number of layers, number of neurons in each layer, learning rate, etc.). The second notebook, entitled "IntelClass", explores four different sets of model architectures, one of which was arbitrary, the second of which was the hyperparameter-optimized architecture, the third of which was based on XCeption (using a small learning rate and making the final three layers trainable), and the fourth of which was based on an image data generator. The best model as measured by the testing data accuracy and log loss was the hyperparameter-optimized model. The ROC AUC, PR AUC are also given for this model as well as the softmax distributions for a subset of randomly chosen images from the testing dataset. Additionally, the notebook uses code from Francois Chollet to visualize the filters of a given layer of the pretrained network.
